K8s: clarify wording REAADB limitation (#3047)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/kubernetes/active-active/_index.md

* The `<rec-name>/<rec-namespace>` value must be unique for each RERC resource. (RED-96302)
* Only global database options are supported, no support for specifying configuration per location.
* No support for migration from old (`crdb-cli`) Active-Active database method to new Active-Active controller.

> * No support for REAADB with participating clusters that reside on the same K8s cluster.

Reviewer: reading it again it might confuse someone that can think on the local participating cluster as the one that is not supported also...
so to clarify this:
"""
No support for REAADB with two or more participating clusters that reside on the same K8s cluster.
"""

> * No support for REAADB with participating clusters that reside on the same K8s cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
* No support for REAADB with participating clusters co-located within the same Kubernetes cluster, except for a single designated local participating cluster.
```
